[SDK-5158] Add docs about React location library fro Android (#8112)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/react_native/react_sdk_setup.md

<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE" />
```

{% alert tip %}

> On Braze SDK version 12.2.0 or later, you can automatically pull in the android-sdk-location library, by setting `importBrazeLocationLibrary=true` in your `gradle.properties` file .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Braze SDK version 12.2.0 or later, you can automatically pull in the android-sdk-location library by setting `importBrazeLocationLibrary=true` in your `gradle.properties` file .
```

<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE" />
```

> Starting in version 12.2.0, set `importBrazeLocationLibrary=true` in your `gradle.properties` file to automatically pull in the android-sdk-location library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert tip %}
On Braze SDK version 12.2.0 or later, you can automatically pull in the android-sdk-location library, by setting `importBrazeLocationLibrary=true` in your `gradle.properties` file .
{% endalert %}
```
